
5 websites with aspects that you either like or dislike 
a link to the site and what you like or dislike and ways that you think each of the 5 websites might be improved


Amazon - https://www.amazon.com/
  I like how there is a number of both items and headers of things to buy in the very main page. It splits sections of top deals, buy again, keep shopping for, trendy items, etc. I like how it doesn't just show you items
  that Amazon sells, but instead different departments to dive deeper into what products you are looking for. I discovered that by scrolling up and down, zooming out and in of the page, Amazon doesn't use space towards
  their left and right sides. So maybe to improve this, they should fill in these gaps when the page zooms out.

Youtube - https://www.youtube.com/
  Similar to Amazon, I enjoy how it fits a variety of items on one single page. You can find recommeded videos, youtube shorts, your subscribers, movies, subheaders of genres, etc. It fits alot of content into one which I find impressive thinking about
  how much work possible went into this. As of rn, I am not sure of how it may improve, maybe adding their shop feature to the main page would be something cool but I think that would hurt Youtube's reputation as it was originally made for videos
  a not for shopping.

Best Buy Deal Of The Day - https://www.bestbuy.com/site/misc/deal-of-the-day/pcmcat248000050016.c?id=pcmcat248000050016
  I like how the deal of the day item is at the top of the bage and bigger than the rest of the items on sale, showing which item is more important and relevant as it is... the DEAL of THE DAY. 
  It includes a timer to provide a sense of urgency and overall it just pops to the user. Maybe something it could add would be some kind of border around the deal of the day item instead of it
  just being in the middle of the page.

LBCC Course Search - https://banner.linnbenton.edu:8458/StudentRegistrationSsb/ssb/term/termSelection?mode=search
  I really enjoy how the course search is easy to navigate and use, there isn't much complication as there are not that many features and buttons to choose from, instead its just a simple select a term and continue.
  That being said, there are ALOT of white space as the website only uses the top left corner. I think to improve this website, there should ATLEAST be an image or logo of LBCC and its mascot to fill up the white space of the page.

OSU Surplus - https://www.publicsurplus.com/sms/osu,or/list/current?orgid=17578
  This website is similar to LBCC Course search as there are ALOT of white space as well. Not only that, But I feel the text and images are super small and should be bigger. Not only would that help with filling in the white space, but
  it would help with actually selling the user if it the title/image of a product pops more. Again, maybe some kind of logo or background picture of OSU should take up the remaining white space of the website.



(Currently panicking bc I am not comfortable w github and I accidently deleted my files and am having a little bit of trouble getting it all back but I am trying!)
I have learned that I should save .txt files locally next time :(
